TRACK - Display Antenna Tracking Information

Syntax:   TRACK
Response: TR     yy/ddd.hh:mm:ss  cmd1  cmd2   delta1  delta2
          PR                      prd1  prd2   praz    prel
          CO                      cor1  cor2   eqeq    refr

Settable parameters:  none

Monitor-only parameters:
The TR line contains information from the tracking computer:
yy/ddd.hh:mm:ss: year day and time of tracking computer
cmd1: first antenna command angle, x, azimuth, or hour angle
cmd2: second antenna command angle, y, elevation, or declination
delta1: tracking error for first command angle
delta2: tracking error for second command angle

The PR line contains predicted command angles based on time in TR line:
prd1: predicted first command angle
prd2: predicted second command angle
praz: predicted azimuth
prel: predicted elevation

The CO line contains calculated correction information:
cor1: pointing correction for first command angle
cor2: pointing correction for second command angle
eqeq: approximate Equation of the Equinoxes, seconds of time
refr: refraction correction

Comments: This command is implemented as a special mode of ANTCN, which
may not be available at all stations. The format of the output is station
dependent and may differ, some entries may be missing, and there may be
additional entries.  This output is normally produced by ANTCN and each
entry will begin with #ANTCN#.

The typical TR line is intended to display information about the tracking
computer. The time, command angles, and deltas normally all refer to the
same epoch and the deltas are displayed with the sign of command minus
actual.  The time can be compared roughly to the time field of the log
entry.

The typical PR line contains the command angles and azimuth and elevation
that ANTCN would have predicted at the time in the TR line. These angles
can be compared to those in TR. If ANTCN faithfully replicates the
command angle calculation of the pointing computer, the numbers should
agree well.  At some stations this may only be approximate. Some stations may
not have this line if the command angles are calculated in the same computer
as the Field System runs in.

The typical CO line contains the pointing corrections that correspond to
the current predicted command angles. The cor1 and cor2 fields are the
pointing model corrections for the two angles. The eqeq field is the
equation of the equinoxes which is a small correction to sidereal time. The
refr value gives the refraction correction for the current command angles.

Additional lines of locally defined information may be displayed.
