                            RCLCO
                            -----

This is the RCL communication test program, called RCLCO. It provides an
interactive interface for exercising and testing the S2 Recorder Control Link.
RCLCO uses the RCL interface library routines in the directory rcl, and
provides a good example of how to use those routines. Connection to the S2
RCL can be via serial cables or via ethernet using internet sockets.

The RCLCO test program works on IBM PCs and compatibles under DOS compiled
with Borland C++, or under Unix compiled with GNU C (tested under SunOS 4.1.3,
Solaris 2.5, and Linux 1.2.12). The DOS version works only with serial ports,
and the Unix version works only with network connections. The differences
are mostly minor, and are handled with #ifdef DOS or #ifdef UNIX in the code.
Included for the DOS version is a set of interrupt-driven serial I/O routines,
comio.c. Makefiles are provided to automatically compile the source files.
Pre-compiled executables are also supplied as follows:
DOS: rclco.exe
SunOS 4.x: rclco.sun
Solaris: rclco.sol
Linux: rclco.lnx

Most of the commands accepted by RCLCO correspond to RCL command names.
A few exceptions are for local configuration, etc:
  help     -brief help on commands
  debug    -set local debug level 0-2 (normally 1)
  addr     -Set RCL address of S2 system to talk to (0-253), or set
              reference address in case of network operation. In the case of
              network operation, selecting 'addr broadcast' will repeat the
              command for all currently open network connections, allowing
              simultaneous control of multiple S2 systems.
  baud     -set the serial port baud rate (DOS serial port operation only)
  port     -select serial port 1 or 2 (DOS serial port operation only)
  open     -open a new network connection (first connection can also be opened
              by giving a host name as the command line argument)
              (Unix network operation only)
  close    -close a network connection (Unix network operation only)
  versionl -print RCLCO local software version information
  quit     -quit the program

For the remaining commands refer to the S2 User's Manual, Appendix A,
"S2 Recorder Control Link Serial Communications Protocol".

Compiling
---------
Before compiling the RCLCO program, you must compile the RCL library. 
cd to the rcl directory and follow the instructions in the 1readme file
there. Then return to this directory and compile as follows:

To compile under SunOS 4.x:  make -f makefile.sun
To compile under Solaris:    make -f makefile.sol
To compile under Linux:      make -f makefile.lnx
To compile under DOS:        make -f makefile.dos

Or you can copy the appropriate file to 'makefile' and then just type 'make'.
This second method is recommended if you need to edit the makefile to work 
on your system. You will probably get some warnings, this is OK.

Under DOS a batch file called makever.bat is used to automatically generate the
version.c file with compilation time and date. This batch file relies on some
special features of 4DOS, an enhanced version of the DOS shell. If you are
using regular DOS, you will have to generate the version.c file manually
(beware that the make procedure deletes version.c when it is done).
Under Unix the equivalent is a Bourne shell script called makever.unx.

If you have any problems or questions please contact ISTS/SGL S2 support by
Internet email to:  s2support@sgl.ists.ca
For information on the World Wide Web:  http://www.sgl.ists.ca/

Good Luck,

Georg Feil
Last updated 96/06/27

